Rosetta 2.0 documentation (#2372)
dfinity/portal: docs/developer-docs/defi/rosetta/icp_rosetta/data_api/index.md

> # Data-API implementation

Reviewer: This file needs to be `.mdx`

> # Data-API implementation
> This section will give you an overview of what data can be fetched from the data-api endpoints for the ICP Rosetta implementation. 
> It is split into the following subsections.
> 
> 
> - [Network](/docs/developer-docs/defi/rosetta/icp_rosetta/data_api/network.md): Fetch network specific information, such as the most recent block and what network rosetta is connected to. 
> - [Balances](/docs/developer-docs/defi/rosetta/icp_rosetta/data_api/balances.md): Fetch the balance of an account_identifier or neuron
> - [Blocks](/docs/developer-docs/defi/rosetta/icp_rosetta/data_api/blocks.md): Fetch blocks from the ICP ledger. 
> - [Transactions](/docs/developer-docs/defi/rosetta/icp_rosetta/data_api/transactions.md): Fetch transactions from the ICP ledger
> - [Known Neurons](/docs/developer-docs/defi/rosetta/icp_rosetta/data_api/list_known_neurons.md): Fetch a list of all publicly known neurons. 
> - [Pending Prososals](/docs/developer-docs/defi/rosetta/icp_rosetta/data_api/get_pending_proposals.md): Fetch a list of all currently pending proposals on the NNS.
> - [Proposal Info](/docs/developer-docs/defi/rosetta/icp_rosetta/data_api/get_proposal_info.md): Fetch the information about a specific proposal on the NNS. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
---
keywords: [rosetta, icp, data api, rosetta api, defi]
---

import { MarkdownChipRow } from "/src/components/Chip/MarkdownChipRow";

# Data API implementation

<MarkdownChipRow labels={["Intermediate", "Tutorial"  ]} />

This section will give you an overview of what data can be fetched from the data API endpoints for the ICP Rosetta implementation. 

It is split into the following subsections:

- [Network](/docs/developer-docs/defi/rosetta/icp_rosetta/data_api/network.md): Fetch network specific information, such as the most recent block and what network rosetta is connected to. 
- [Balances](/docs/developer-docs/defi/rosetta/icp_rosetta/data_api/balances.md): Fetch the balance of an account_identifier or neuron
- [Blocks](/docs/developer-docs/defi/rosetta/icp_rosetta/data_api/blocks.md): Fetch blocks from the ICP ledger. 
- [Transactions](/docs/developer-docs/defi/rosetta/icp_rosetta/data_api/transactions.md): Fetch transactions from the ICP ledger
- [Known neurons](/docs/developer-docs/defi/rosetta/icp_rosetta/data_api/list_known_neurons.md): Fetch a list of all publicly known neurons. 
- [Pending proposals](/docs/developer-docs/defi/rosetta/icp_rosetta/data_api/get_pending_proposals.md): Fetch a list of all currently pending proposals on the NNS.
- [Proposal info](/docs/developer-docs/defi/rosetta/icp_rosetta/data_api/get_proposal_info.md): Fetch the information about a specific proposal on the NNS. 
```
